I've been so busy lately, when can you see me?
Please give me an exact time.
Ah!
The previous law is you, can you contact you when I'm done?
Do you not have the time or do you not want a divorce?
Let no one rest
4,000, I think you have severe altitude sickness
Brought you a drink
Thanks.
Shen Tezhu
It's convenient to tear it off with you.
Can account for the total married
And you know what?
know
Now that you know, you should pay attention to your words and deeds
Don't let there be any disagreement between the station manager and his wife
Shen Te Zhu
My behavior
Is there anything wrong?
Nothing.
Then what do you mean by telling me this?
Please come back. Thank you
madam
The new assistant of the station manager is young and beautiful
But I think he is right
The station has no messy thoughts
If there is a station, he will not stay by his side
I will watch him carefully these days.
Mr. Zheng
He sent you to stand guard
Did you really listen to him?